NVDLA Environment Setup Guide
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

.. contents::
  :depth: 3


Tools and Dependency Libraries Setup
====================================

Required tools and libraries and version could be found in TOT/makefile.

tree.make setup
---------------

``TOT> make``

Please install corresponding tools and point to the actual path in your
environment.

::

    Creating tree.make to setup your working environment and projects

    Enter projects name (Press ENTER if use: nv_small nv_large):

    Enter to determine designware_noexist (Press ENTER 0 to use design ware, 1 to not use design ware: 1):

    Enter design ware path (Press ENTER if use: /home/tools/synopsys/syn_2011.09/dw/sim_ver):

    Enter c pre-process path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/utils/gcc-4.8.2/bin/cpp):

    Enter gcc path (Press ENTER if use: /home/utils/gcc-4.8.2/bin/gcc):

    Enter g++ path (Press ENTER if use: /home/utils/gcc-4.8.2/bin/g++):

    Enter perl path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/utils/perl-5.10/5.10.0-threads-64/bin/perl):

    Enter java path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/utils/java/jdk1.8.0_131/bin/java):

    Enter systemc path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/ip/shared/inf/SystemC/1.0/20151112/systemc-2.3.0/GCC472_64_DBG):

    Enter python path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/tools/continuum/Anaconda3-5.0.1/bin/python):

    Enter vcs_home path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/tools/vcs/mx-2016.06-SP2-4):

    Enter novas_home path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/tools/debussy/verdi3_2016.06-SP2-9):

    Enter verdi_home path (Press ENTER if use:
    /home/tools/debussy/verdi3_2016.06-SP2-9):

    ================================================================

    tree.make is created successfully, and you can edit tree.make
    manually later

    ================================================================

After this setup, a file named ``tree.make`` will be generated under TOT
directory.

Project name setup
------------------

During tree.make file setup process, project name has been specified. The 
project name could be changed after tree.make generation. It's allowed to build
multiple projects. To change target project names, open generated TOT/tree.make
, and modify line which starts with projects, for example, we can remove other
project name, only build nv_small:

::

    ##======================= 										  
    ## Project Name Setup, multiple projects supported			  	  
    ##======================= 										  
    PROJECTS := nv_small

Designware Components
---------------------

The NVDLA design utilize the following Designware components.

* DW02_tree
* DW_lsd
* DW_minmax

For best QOR, the EDA vendor supplied versions should be used for both synthesis 
and simulation if possible. They can be obtained directly from the EDA vendors.

If no designware implementation is available, the NVDLA repository contains
an implementation with an NV\_ prefix to the filename and module name. 
These files are in the hw/vmod/vlib directory.  The design can be switched to
using the NV\_ version of the files by setting tree.make environment variable
DESIGNWARE_NOEXIST to 1; similarly, the environment variable
DESIGNWARE_NOEXIST will enable this in the simulation build environment. 

::

    DESIGNWARE_NOEXIST := 1

If designware implementation is available, please set tree.make environment
variable DESIGNWARE_NOEXIST to 0. Please also specify designware directory
to tree.make environment variable DESIGNWARE_DIR.

::

    DESIGNWARE_NOEXIST := 0
    DESIGNWARE_DIR := PATH_TO_DESIGNWARE_DIRECTOTRY

Build Tree
==========

Build RTL
---------

Once tree.make has been setup, RTL can be build with following command

``TOT > ./tools/bin/tmake -build vmod``

In the end of build process, following line will
be show in the last line:

::

   [TMAKE]: DONE

There will be a new directory named outdir under TOT. RTL file can be
found under TOT/outdir/<project_name>/vmod.

Build Test Bench
----------------

``TOT > ./tools/bin/tmake -build ready_for_test``

Several messages begin with [TMAKE] will be show on terminal output
during build process, and in the end of the process, following line will
be show in the last line:

::

   [TMAKE]: DONE

There will be a new directory named outdir under TOT, it’s generated by
build flow and contains generated RTL and verification environment.

Build test bench and run protect tests
--------------------------------------

To validate tree healthness after download from git server, or to make sure
changes are not break base line functions, use following command to build
tree and then run protection tests

``TOT > ./tools/bin/tmake -build verif_protection``

In the end of build process, following line will
be show in the last line:

::

   [TMAKE]: DONE

Build CMOD
----------

There is a tmake target for the Cmodel of NVDLA, which lives
in the ``cmod/`` directory.  If building the Virtual Platform, or another
application that uses the NVDLA Cmodel, please use following command

``TOT > ./tools/bin/tmake -build cmod_top``

In the end of build process, following line will
be show in the last line:

::

   [TMAKE]: DONE

CMOD headers and dynamically linked shared object library could be found under
``outdir/<project_name>/cmod/release``

Here is the end of **NVDLA Environment Setup Guide**.
